#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
affinda==4.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aiodns==3.2.0
    # via aleph-alpha-client
aiohttp==3.9.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp-retry
    #   aleph-alpha-client
    #   litellm
aiohttp-retry==2.8.3
    # via aleph-alpha-client
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
alabaster==0.7.16
    # via sphinx
aleph-alpha-client==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
amazon-textract-response-parser==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anthropic-bedrock==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   anthropic-bedrock
    #   httpx
    #   openai
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
astroid==3.1.0
    # via pylint
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonlines
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   sagemaker
    #   service-identity
    #   twisted
autobahn==24.4.2
    # via watson-developer-cloud
automat==24.8.1
    # via twisted
azure-ai-formrecognizer==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-cognitiveservices-speech==1.36.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-common==1.1.28
    # via azure-ai-formrecognizer
azure-core==1.30.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   affinda
    #   azure-ai-formrecognizer
    #   azure-identity
    #   msrest
azure-identity==1.15.0
    # via affinda
babel==2.14.0
    # via sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via furo
boto3==1.35.84
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   amazon-textract-response-parser
    #   anthropic-bedrock
    #   sagemaker
botocore==1.35.84
    # via
    #   anthropic-bedrock
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   msrest
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pycares
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
clarifai-grpc==9.10.7
    # via -r requirements.in
click==8.1.8
    # via litellm
cloudpickle==2.2.1
    # via sagemaker
constantly==23.10.4
    # via twisted
contextlib2==21.6.0
    # via schema
coverage[toml]==7.4.4
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==42.0.5
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   service-identity
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   multiprocess
    #   pathos
    #   pylint
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic-bedrock
    #   openai
docker==7.0.0
    # via sagemaker
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via -r requirements.in
docutils==0.20.1
    # via sphinx
execnet==2.1.1
    # via pytest-xdist
ffmpeg-python==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.13.3
    # via huggingface-hub
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.3.1
    # via huggingface-hub
furo==2024.1.29
    # via -r requirements.in
future==1.0.0
    # via ffmpeg-python
google-api-core[grpc]==2.18.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-automl
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-documentai
    #   google-cloud-language
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-speech
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-cloud-texttospeech
    #   google-cloud-translate
    #   google-cloud-videointelligence
    #   google-cloud-vision
google-api-python-client==2.88.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-auth==2.29.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-speech
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-cloud-aiplatform==1.35.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-automl==2.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-bigquery==3.20.1
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-cloud-translate
google-cloud-documentai==2.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-language==2.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-resource-manager==1.12.3
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-speech==2.26.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-storage==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-texttospeech==2.14.1
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-translate==3.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-videointelligence==2.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-vision==3.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via google-resumable-media
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via sagemaker
google-resumable-media==2.7.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.63.0
    # via
    #   clarifai-grpc
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.13.0
    # via google-cloud-resource-manager
grpcio==1.62.1
    # via
    #   clarifai-grpc
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.62.1
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   anthropic-bedrock
    #   litellm
    #   openai
huggingface-hub==0.22.2
    # via tokenizers
hyperlink==21.0.0
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   twisted
ibm-cloud-sdk-core==3.22.1
    # via ibm-watson
ibm-watson==9.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   hyperlink
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==6.11.0
    # via
    #   litellm
    #   sagemaker
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via python-liquid
incremental==24.7.2
    # via twisted
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
isodate==0.6.1
    # via msrest
isort==5.13.2
    # via pylint
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   litellm
    #   sphinx
jiter==0.5.0
    # via openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonlines==4.0.0
    # via lettria
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   litellm
    #   sagemaker
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
langcodes==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
language-data==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
lettria==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
litellm==1.59.5
    # via -r requirements.in
marisa-trie==1.1.0
    # via language-data
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.21.1
    # via amazon-textract-response-parser
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
msal==1.28.0
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.1.0
    # via azure-identity
msrest==0.7.1
    # via
    #   affinda
    #   azure-ai-formrecognizer
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via pathos
mypy==1.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via mypy
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   sagemaker
    #   shapely
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
openai==1.55.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   litellm
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   aleph-alpha-client
    #   docker
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   marshmallow
    #   msal-extensions
    #   pytest
    #   sagemaker
    #   sphinx
pandas==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sagemaker
pathos==0.3.2
    # via sagemaker
pdf2image==1.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==10.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aleph-alpha-client
    #   pdf2image
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   sagemaker
pluggy==1.4.0
    # via pytest
portalocker==2.8.2
    # via msal-extensions
pox==0.3.4
    # via pathos
ppft==1.7.6.8
    # via pathos
proto-plus==1.23.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-automl
    #   google-cloud-documentai
    #   google-cloud-language
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-speech
    #   google-cloud-texttospeech
    #   google-cloud-translate
    #   google-cloud-videointelligence
    #   google-cloud-vision
protobuf==4.25.3
    # via
    #   clarifai-grpc
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-automl
    #   google-cloud-documentai
    #   google-cloud-language
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-speech
    #   google-cloud-texttospeech
    #   google-cloud-translate
    #   google-cloud-videointelligence
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   sagemaker
psutil==5.9.8
    # via sagemaker
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
    #   service-identity
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   service-identity
pycares==4.4.0
    # via aiodns
pycountry==23.12.11
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anthropic-bedrock
    #   litellm
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.18.4
    # via pydantic
pydub==0.25.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   furo
    #   sphinx
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   ibm-cloud-sdk-core
    #   msal
pylint==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pymupdf==1.24.8
    # via -r requirements.in
pymupdfb==1.24.8
    # via pymupdf
pyopenssl==25.0.0
    # via watson-developer-cloud
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via httplib2
pypdf==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest==7.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-timeout
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-mock==3.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-timeout==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-xdist==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   ibm-cloud-sdk-core
    #   ibm-watson
    #   pandas
    #   python-liquid
    #   watson-developer-cloud
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   litellm
python-liquid==1.12.1
    # via aleph-alpha-client
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   responses
    #   sagemaker
referencing==0.34.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   affinda
    #   aleph-alpha-client
    #   azure-core
    #   clarifai-grpc
    #   docker
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ibm-cloud-sdk-core
    #   ibm-watson
    #   lettria
    #   msal
    #   msrest
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   responses
    #   sagemaker
    #   sphinx
    #   tiktoken
    #   watson-developer-cloud
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via msrest
responses==0.24.1
    # via -r requirements.in
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.10.1
    # via boto3
sagemaker==2.214.3
    # via -r requirements.in
schema==0.7.5
    # via sagemaker
service-identity==24.2.0
    # via watson-developer-cloud
shapely==2.0.3
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   google-pasta
    #   isodate
    #   python-dateutil
smdebug-rulesconfig==1.0.1
    # via sagemaker
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic-bedrock
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==7.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   furo
    #   sphinx-basic-ng
sphinx-basic-ng==1.0.0b2
    # via furo
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.8
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.6
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.5
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.7
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.10
    # via sphinx
tblib==3.0.0
    # via sagemaker
tiktoken==0.8.0
    # via litellm
tokenizers==0.15.2
    # via
    #   aleph-alpha-client
    #   anthropic-bedrock
    #   litellm
tomlkit==0.12.4
    # via pylint
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via
    #   aleph-alpha-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   sagemaker
twisted==24.11.0
    # via watson-developer-cloud
txaio==23.1.1
    # via autobahn
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   aleph-alpha-client
    #   anthropic-bedrock
    #   azure-ai-formrecognizer
    #   azure-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   mypy
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-liquid
    #   twisted
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   aleph-alpha-client
    #   botocore
    #   docker
    #   ibm-cloud-sdk-core
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   sagemaker
watson-developer-cloud==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via ibm-watson
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.18.1
    # via importlib-metadata
zope-interface==7.2
    # via twisted

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
